Previously
on "Criminal Minds"...
The press has named him
the prince of darkness.
The dark
is his signature.
And we'll find that he's
always killed this way.
He's shows up during a blackout. he robs.
he kills. he leaves a witness.
He got away with it for 26 years.
Why did he come back?
Joe and Sylvia
Spicer were killed.
Those are my parents.
Why is he doing this?
He keeps a survivor
so they'll never forget him.
But with you.
it goes beyond that.
He believes he turned you
into the city's hero.
And he wants that recognition..
He wants everyone
to know what he's done.
Is that your daughter?
Where is she?
She's with my sister.
That's Morgan
on the other line.
We're gonna need him
at Kristin's house.
Let's get over there.
This is about you.
There's no history
at your sister's place.
He probably took them to Santa Monica
to your old house.
It's only a matter of time
before the cell phone reception goes.
We lost Morgan.
Reid? Great.
Put the gun down
or she dies.
No. pick it up!
Pick it up!
On your knees.
Don't do it!
Don't do this! Don't!
No!
What is wrong with you?!
We will find you.
you sick son of a bitch.
Is that another promise?
Please. please...Aah!
Ellie. I will find you!
Leonard Cohen:
♪ I went down to the place ♪
♪ where I knew
she lay waiting ♪
♪ under the marble
and the snow ♪
♪ I said. mother.
I'm afraid ♪
♪ of the thunder
and the lightning ♪
♪ I'll never come
through this alone ♪
♪ she said. I'll be with you ♪
♪ my shawl wrapped around you ♪
♪ my hand on your head
when you go ♪
♪ and the night came on ♪
♪ it was very calm ♪
♪ I wanted the night
to go on... ♪
This is what
you're all afraid of.
The power grid is overloaded
and gone completely down.
plunging Los Angeles county
into near-total darkness.
City officials
are unable or unwilling
to speculate on when
the lights might be back on.
Between the blackout
and the prince of darkness
running around out there.
they advise locking doors tight
And staying very alert.
As one official said
off the record.
it's going to be
a long. long night.
Help me! Help me!
He's coming!
Please let me in.
Let me in.
Let me in!
Stop!
She's a child.
Let me in!
Ok. I'll call--
look. I'll call the police.
There's no time!
Do not let her in the house.
Spicer's sister's
not in her apartment.
The building manager
said she left hours ago.
Morgan and Spicer?
No one's been in or out
since the power went down.
Morgan said they were
coming here. right?
And he was a lot
closer than any of us.
Something
must have changed.
The cells are down.
Now how the hell
do you find them?
What would cause Morgan
to change his mind like that
when he knows
he can't tell us?
The unsub had Spicer's
sister and daughter.
Morgan knew he didn't
have a lot of time.
So his first guess
had to be right.
The unsub
attacked Spicer
specifically
through his family.
How long has Spicer's
sister lived here?
6-7 months.
Well. that's why
they didn't come here.
If the unsub
wants to hurt Spicer.
he'll do it someplace
that means something to him.
Morgan must have realized
the same thing.
The unsub and Spicer
do share one place in common.
Santa Monica.
Where he killed his parents.
Let's go.
This is Kurzbard
in major crimes.
I need a priority response.
Uhh!
Kristin.
Ohh...
It's getting harder
to breathe.
Just try to slow your breathing.
Just slow everything down.
We have to get her back.
She's just a baby.
Look at me.
Kristin. look at me.
I need you to tell me
everything that you remember
about the guy who took Ellie.
I don't want to remember.
I know. Kristin.
I know you don't.
but right now.
I really need you to try.
Ellie needs it.
My team
is going to find us.
They're gonna go
to your apartment
where we said
we were going.
When they see
that we're not there.
they're gonna figure out
where we are the same way I did.
And when they do. we
will bring Ellie home.
but in order to do that.
I'm gonna need you
to think.
Is Matt...
Is he dead?
Kristin. please.
just try to focus on remembering.
Ok.
This guy
has been traveling
all over the country.
How?
How did he
bring you here?
In an RV.
An old...
Filthy RV.
Hungry?
Ellie?
Don't worry.
You'll get used to it.
You let me get away
on purpose. didn't you?
So that they'd open
their door.
We're gonna make
a great team.
Criminal Minds 6x01
The Longest Night
Original Air Date on September 22. 2010
-- Sync by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
Spicer?
Kurz. we got here
as fast as we could.
What about Kristin?
She was beaten
and sexually assaulted.
She's out in the ambulance.
And you already know
the bad guy took Ellie with him.
One more thing--there was
another couple murdered
a mile from here
an hour ago.
We've got a team there.
but we're pretty sure
it was the same guy.
Where's Matt?
Ah! Damn it. Just put
a bandage on it
and leave me alone.
How is he?
It's nothing. Hotch.
He needs a cat scan.
stitches. and a lot of rest.
She's right. Morgan.
Guys. I'm not going
to any hospital
until we find
that little girl.
Now. please. just put
a bandage on it.
Morgan. what's the notebook?
I asked the sister
to tell me everything
she could remember
about the unsub.
And what's
her condition?
It's bad.
I'll go check on her.
Hold on a second. fellas.
Kristin. I'm Agent Prentiss.
I work with Agent Morgan.
Is it ok if I ride along
with you?
If you're coming.
we need to go now.
Thank you.
Ok. we're good.
How many cops
are there in L.A.?
City or county?
You actually know
the answer.
I know both answers.
It's white
and extremely dirty.
A very old RV.
With a male white
in his fifties.
accompanied by
an 8-year-old girl.
Derek...
I'm all right.
You don't look
all right.
Sorry.
Reid. drop it.
The local bureau office
found us these satellite phones.
It should bypass any outage
problems on the ground.
Any word on Ellie?
Good.
I was just--
it's not you.
Between the blackout
and the prince of darkness
running around out there.
be advised to lock your...
I forgot something.
Put the mask back on.
I forgot the radio.
What?
He listens to his car radio
constantly.
The news.
He would stop
whenever he would
hear something about him--
the radio--he listens--
Ok. I got it.
Put the mask on.
He listens to the radio.
Something else.
The other agent--
you have to tell him.
I made him promise...
Garcia.
Baby boy. you all good?
Listen. I need you
to run something for me.
You really had us worried.
And by "us." I mean me.
I didn't know where you were--
now. Garcia.
Ok.
All right. I'm looking
for an old RV.
Partial California
plates--Michael-David-3.
That's all
she was able to get.
The victim thinks
it may have been
the first 3 letters of the plate.
but she's not sure.
Yes. sir.
All right. call me back
on this number
as soon as you get a bite.
You know. she really needs
to be more professional sometimes.
She gets the job done
every time.
I told him. Hotch.
I told him that we
should wait for backup.
but he wouldn't
listen to me.
We split up and he
headed around back
before I could stop him.
Morgan. sometimes
when it comes to family
common sense and procedure
go out the window.
We do the best you can.
This unsub raped the aunt
and then beat her
for no reason.
She didn't resist. man.
and he still pistol-whipped her until
her ribs were crushed.
He killed Spicer
while he was on his knees.
He was unarmed.
This guy's
a pure psychopath.
I want this guy.
We'll get him.
Well. we better do it fast.
Taking Ellie
was like a game to him.
The sick bastard
thought it was funny.
He's gonna get pissed off
at her. man.
She's nothing
but a little girl.
She's gonna show him fear.
And when she does...
He's gonna kill her.
...New permits.
which provide a sense
of future home
construction. fell 3.5...
We're not a team.
You got us in.
We did it together.
But I--I didn't know.
And if I didn't know.
we aren't a team.
Yet.
Why do you
have to kill people?
My dad says people who hurt
other people are cowards.
that they never hurt somebody
who can protect themselves.
So how would he explain
what happened to him
tonight?
He let you go
so that you wouldn't hurt me.
That doesn't make you brave.
He let me go?
To save me.
You're really
not like him at all.
Get back.
Come here.
Come here!
Should we kill him?
What?
No!
You see. Ellie?
We are a team.
You just decided to
let that man live.
Except the question
isn't why do I kill people.
the question is
why I don't kill everybody.
I decide who dies.
but mostly.
I decide who lives.
I'm like...
God.
And now you are. too.
...From L.A. police.
They're now saying
that the prince of darkness
may be in an older white RV
making its way around
Los Angeles tonight.
Police are advising
that anyone seeing
a dirty. poorly
maintained white RV
contact them immediately.
and do not.
under any circumstances...
Uh-oh.
Approach it.
What are you doing?
Even God
finds that sometimes
people just have
bad luck.
Calling someone?
Just calling triple-a.
I got a flat.
Just. uh.
trying to get it fixed.
No. wait--ohh!
Police are also saying
that the prince of darkness
may now be traveling
with a young girl.
an 8-year-old girl.
as a hostage.
She's described as having
long brown hair.
Police add that you should notify authorities
immediately if you spot her.
All right.
what we have is an unsub
in complete
behavioral chaos.
Meaning?
Serial offenders. especially long-term.
successful ones.
don't just suddenly change what they do
or how they do it.
Going after a high-risk target
like a police Detective
and then all of a sudden
abducting a child is fairly unheard of.
Fairly?
Sometimes they devolve
as they know we're
getting closer to them
and their time's running out.
But this unsub doesn't
appear to be devolving.
Devolution generally means
loss of control.
They find it harder and harder to keep
the outside world from noticing them.
I think he's
becoming more controlled.
He spent a lifetime murdering
seemingly random victims.
then out of nowhere
sought out Spicer.
recreated his parents' murder.
lured him into a trap.
killed him
and took his daughter.
The behavioral spectrum
is alarmingly different.
Yeah. Garcia.
Hi. I want to have
better news. mon ami.
but there are zero RVs
in the state of California
with M-D-3 in that order
on the plate. I'm sorry.
Sorry's not helping
anybody. I need results.
Garcia's got nothing
on the partial plate.
Maybe Kristin's wrong.
It's not surprising
considering her
situation at the time.
So how the hell are we
supposed to find this guy?
We can contact him.
Leonard Cohen:
♪ dance me to your beauty ♪
♪ with a burned violin ♪
♪ dance me through the panic ♪
♪ till I'm gathered safely in ♪
♪ lift me like an olive branch ♪
♪ be my homeward dove ♪
♪ yeah. dance me ♪
♪ to the end of love ♪
♪ la la ♪
♪ la la la la la la ♪
...Lasers
and other technology
so sophisticated.
images will depict
individual telephone poles and boulders.
Images will help determine
erosion and sea-level changes
and also provide critical
information from flood...
Kristin
remembered in the ambulance
that the unsub listens
to news radio incessantly.
He would even stop
assaulting her
if the broadcaster said anything
about the prince of darkness.
Makes sense
for a narcissist.
Oh. no.
What is it?
The LAPD just put
all the information
what do you mean?
They have out to the press.
A spokesperson
at the crime scene
was talking about the RV
and about Ellie.
So this guy knows
exactly what we know.
That might force him
to dump the RV.
Or kill--
no. I don't think so.
Why not. Rossi?
Well. he could have killed
you and the sister.
He didn't.
He kept you alive.
He can't be surprised
that we know what he's driving
and that he has a hostage.
But how many news radio stations
are there in Los Angeles?
I don't know.
20 or so.
We can't just guess
which one he listens to.
What about
the emergency alert system?
It would be a way to communicate over all
the stations simultaneously.
How do we do that?
I don't really know.
How hard could it be
to work out?
Is this your son's bicycle?
What the hell...
I--I may have
run it over.
What'd you do.
back over it again?
Actually. twice.
Honey? What was that?
Ellie.
Paul?
You see. Ellie?
Bicycles mean kids.
and kids mean parents
who are easy to control.
So. go get the boy.
Bring him
to the parents' room.
Paul!
What are you gonna do?
I have a widow to comfort.
Go on.
I am acutely aware that
this is an unusual request.
It's an unusual situation.
Then I need to speak
to your boss.
No. I'm not calling back.
Transfer me.
Uh. yes. who--who's this?
Uh. and what's your title. sir?
Ok. uh. I'm Agent
Jennifer Jareau.
the communications liaison
for the FBI's behavioral analysis unit.
I need access to the emergency
alert system in Los Angeles
and I was directed
to your office.
Yeah. the emergency
alert system.
Get the boy in the closet.
What?
Do it!
Now!
It'll be ok. I promise.
Don't close the door
all the way.
What are you doing?
I got the boy
and I got the clothes.
So?
So you said if I did
what you told me.
then you'd let them live.
Really.
Go in the bathroom
and close the door.
Damn it!
He has a brother.
I told him to tell the neighbors
to call the police
and then tell the next house
and the next house
and the next house.
You know. he's probably
told the whole block by now.
Can't kill them all. can you?
I can try.
Come on.
Kristin wanted me
to tell you
she's sorry she made you
promise her brother.
She said it wasn't fair.
You want to tell me what
she made you promise?
That I wouldn't let anything
happen to Ellie.
Well. she's right.
That's not fair.
How is anything we handle
out here fair?
Every time
they put me on hold.
I get one layer higher
on homeland security.
The E.A.S. is coordinated
by the FCC. FEMA.
and the National
Weather Service.
It's a bureaucratic pile
of steaming--
yes. Yes. um. ma'am? Thank you
for holding.
I'm with the FBI.
We're here in Los Angeles.
A boy just woke up
his neighbors.
Said he escaped from
the prince of darkness.
What?
He said they're still
in his house right now.
There's a girl with him.
They?
Yeah.
Let me know.
We got you. man!
There he is!
That's him!
Get in there.
Keys.
Always by the door.
Come on.
Go on.
Go on!
Get in the car!
What's the matter. scared?
Shut up.
The neighbors all banded together
and came after him.
but he was already
in the car.
Ballsy neighbors.
California has its moments.
The first units all got here
within 4 minutes of the call.
Local watch commander
locked down a 5-square-mile grid
and there's an APB
on the car.
We believe they never
made it out of the area.
Tell your officers not to approach him
if they spot him.
He's getting desperate.
Won't be easy
with a cop-killer.
Then you'd better ask them
how they'd feel about
getting that cop's daughter killed.
He cut her hair.
I swear to God. when I get my hands
on this son of a--
that actually might be good.
Why disguise somebody
you're gonna kill?
Here's how he stays awake
all night.
Look at this article
on Spicer.
We already know he was obsessed with
all the attention Spicer was getting.
Yeah. but look what's
underlined 3 times.
"8-year-old Ellie.
bright. happy child."
This one's just...
Special.
"I don't normally take to kids.
but this one's just special."
What?
That's what he said
back at the house.
Ellie was his target
all along. not Spicer.
Yes. Yes. I'm still here.
Yep. I'm always gonna be here.
Ok. My name is Jennifer--
no. Do you know what?
I'm not going to explain
this entire thing again
to another mid-level
bureaucrat
who can't give me
a sufficient answer.
Put someone on the damn phone
who can authorize what I need.
He wasn't after Spicer.
We were just coming
to the same conclusion.
It doesn't make sense he
hasn't killed the girl
if she wasn't
what he was after.
He disguised her
to keep her.
Look at this. There's
a stack of them in the RV.
Reid's reading them all
right now.
So. we profiled
his obsession with Spicer
was over not getting credit
for his law enforcement career.
But maybe it's the daughter
he's not getting credit for.
He thinks he's
responsible for her.
Well. she wouldn't
even be here
if he hadn't allowed Spicer
to live 25 years ago.
A bastardized version
of a grandparent.
That's a pretty
twisted delusion.
Well. it only has to
make sense to him.
And when a delusion
like that crashes. it crashes hard.
Hey. guys.
The murders we found in
Orange County in 1985.
they might not
have been his first.
Why did you do this?
We were gonna be a--
I told you.
We're not a team.
Not a team?
We were going to--
I was nice to you.
The lights
are back on.
just in time
for morning. of course.
In other news. the noose is getting tighter
around the prince of darkness.
The LAPD believe
they've narrowed down
the area of the city he's in.
Yes. I'm--
yes. ma'am.
Uh. yes. madame secretary.
I'm so sorry to bother you
this early. but it's very--
oh. you have.
Fully briefed. great.
Um--yeah. of course.
I'm writing down the number
right now.
Great.
Thank you so much.
madame secretary.
Yeah. yeah. I will let you
know how it goes.
Great. Thank you.
Hotchner.
We have access to the local
emergency alert system.
The secretary personally
set it up herself.
It's in the city command center.
Good. Get an LAPD unit
to take you over there.
get the system
up and running.
and I need you to start
talking to him immediately.
Excuse me?
It's gonna take me too long
to get there from here.
I need you to talk to him. JJ.
I'll give you
some strategies.
Me?
The unsub may still be
in this area.
and if he surfaces.
we need to be close.
I'm not a hostage negotiator.
I'm sorry. You are today.
Dr. Reid.
you're on your own cellular.
Yeah. The power came
back here a few minutes ago.
How's my main man doing?
On the completely
safe assumption
that you're not
talking about me.
let's just say I wouldn't want
to be this unsub
when Morgan finally
gets his hands on him.
That bad. huh?
Has he ever yelled
at you before?
Touche.
How can I be of service?
How far back can you go
with your records. Garcia?
How far back you talkin'?
Uh. a murder investigation
from 1968.
This is the room.
So what do I do?
Flip that switch
when you're ready.
and you'll cut into
every signal
on the radio bands.
am and fm.
That's it?
It's made to be easy.
Ok. Thank you.
JJ.
I'm here.
We're gathering some
background information
on Flynn that could be
very helpful.
Ok.
Just sit tight for a minute.
You ok?
Hotch...
What if I mess up?
Don't worry. You won't.
I'll call you right back.
♪ Oh. the sisters of mercy ♪
♪ they are not departed
or gone ♪
♪ they were waiting for me ♪
♪ when I thought
that I just can't go on ♪
♪ and they brought me
their comfort ♪
♪ and later they
brought me this song ♪
Now...
Get inside.
Get inside and don't come
out until I call for you!
Already?
Do you doubt it?
Yeah. I'll put you
on speaker.
Ok. Let me preface this
by saying
that a 40-year-old murder
in a suburb of Los Angeles
is an absurdly
impossible request.
Having said that. yours truly happens to know
that the Pollack Library at Cal State--
Garcia.
Yes. sir. sorry. uh...
Anyway. this murder
was quite the scandal.
For Southern California in the sixties.
that's saying something.
Ok. I don't know
who was talking right then.
but...Word.
So. Nora Flynn was a prostitute
and a drug addict
living in a desert community
just outside of Los Angeles.
It appears bikers were her stock in trade.
rough bikers.
and one fateful day.
she and her client
were murdered by
her 13-year-old son Billy.
Shot to death.
The customer.
ironically named John.
was able to tell the police
before he died
that Billy made him beg for his life
and then shot him anyway.
That's him.
And he was
convicted. but...
Right.
He's a juvenile.
So at 18.
he was released in 1973.
never heard from again.
Oh. he was heard from.
And he never released
a statement
as to why
he killed them.
although it does appear
his childhood was horrific.
I'm sending you a picture of him on the day
he was released to your PDAS.
Make sure you send
the files to JJ.
Of course. my liege.
Garcia bids you ad--
Garcia. wait a minute.
Hey.
Hey back.
Baby girl. I'm sorry
for taking your head off.
Oh. darling.
our love is a rock.
No bad day can come
between us.
Word.
Come home safe.
I'll leave a light on.
Hotch.
JJ. listen.
The most important thing
is that you build rapport with him.
Uh. rapport. Ok.
I'm asking you to do
one of the hardest things
that anybody in our position
ever has to do.
I need you to empathize
with him. Sympathize.
Don't judge
the things he's done.
Garcia's sending you a file
on him and his childhood.
Look it over. It'll help.
If he hears
that you care about him.
that's how you're gonna
get him to care about Ellie.
He has to understand that he's putting her
through the same pain
he went through as a child.
Uh. ok.
But it has to be
his decision
because power
is all-important to him.
Power? Ok.
You're gonna be fine.
Just talk to him.
All right.
Go over the file
and start when you're ready.
Oh. wait. You're gonna
be on the line. right?
I'll be listening.
And the heat wave continues to be
the top story in the Southland.
with temperatures expected
to top 105 degrees.
and excessive heat...
Come on. Billy.
I bought you from your mama.
This man paid
good money.
Mom! No!
Do as you're told!
Mom! Make him stop!
I'll be gentle. Billy.
Don't worry.
No!
Billy?
Billy Flynn?
Did you--
who's Billy Flynn?
Mr. Flynn. I--
I don't know for sure
that you can hear me. but--
my name is Jennifer Jareau.
I--I work for the FBI
as a communications liaison
for the--the behavioral. uh...
Ok. Mr. Flynn. I--
I--I want to talk to you
about letting Ellie Spicer go.
I mean. I want to ask you to.
Uh. see. I'm not
a hostage negotiator. uh.
I've never done anything
like this at all ever.
but. um. sometimes
circumstances. it's...
Look...
You can tell I'm not
a hostage negotiator.
But I am a mother.
And I...
I know what your mother
did to you when you were little.
What she was.
what she made you watch.
what she let men do to you.
and it makes me so...
It's just not fair.
And no one--
no one can make that better.
I wish I could. I do. But...
If I--if I could somehow
go back there
and. you know. make what was
happening to you stop.
if I could just...
You know. pick you up
and just tell you
that it'll all be ok.
That's what moms
are supposed to do.
They're not supposed to be
the cause of your pain.
they're supposed to
make it go away.
They're supposed to hold you
and tell you everything
is gonna be all right.
They're supposed to tell you
that thunder is Angels bowling
and that it's ok
to be afraid of the dark
and that it's not silly
to think there might be
monsters in your closet
and that it's ok
that if you want to climb in bed with them
just this once.
'cause it's scary
in the room all alone.
They're supposed to say
it's ok to be afraid.
and not be the thing
you're afraid of.
But most importantly.
they're supposed to love you
no matter what.
What happened to you
isn't fair. it's not right.
but. um...
I'm supposed to empathize
with you.
Sympathize. Understand.
But I can't.
That--that would be a lie.
The truth is. I don't
understand what you've done.
I don't sympathize with you killing people
all these years.
And I especially don't
understand you taking Ellie.
What I can do is tell you
what a mother should tell you.
that you can't
take away your pain
by hurting someone else.
That it doesn't make
all the nights
you went to bed
scared and alone
any better if you
scare someone else
the way you're scaring Ellie.
What happened to you.
it isn't fair.
But what you're doing
to her isn't fair either.
and if anyone should
understand what that feels like.
it's you.
You have the power.
You can do
what you want to do.
But for once.
you can choose
to use that power
to do for Ellie what should have
been done for you.
You can choose
letting her go.
You can choose teaching her
that. yes.
there are monsters.
and it's ok
to be afraid of them.
But it's not ok
to let them win.
And it's not ok to be one.
Agent Prentiss.
Yes. Hello. doctor.
Yes. sir.
Thank you.
Both of Kristin's lungs
collapsed.
She died a few minutes ago.
Ellie's got no one now.
Kurzbard.
He let her go.
Where?
He got out of the car
and he just let her go.
She's in a house about
6 blocks from here.
Where is he now?
He's in another house.
up the street.
JJ. I don't know if you know.
You did it.
We have SWAT
on the way. Kurz.
And an HPT team.
Yeah. but they'll
be a while.
We had a phone sent in
with a direct line to this one.
But so far--
He's watching us.
This is Detective Kurzbard.
LAPD.
He wants to talk to you.
What?
He wants me to come in.
Morgan.
I know this guy. Hotch.
He didn't kill me before.
he's not gonna kill me this time.
No.
I believe in
my original profile.
He will not hurt me
unless I show him fear.
Listen--
when you needed us.
we were there for you.
This one is mine.
You sure?
As I've ever been.
In here. Agent.
It's over. Flynn.
5 years ago.
I would have just killed you
right there
in that bedroom.
You couldn't.
Couldn't?
I'm not afraid of you.
You really think that matters
that much to me?
Then shoot me.
Go ahead. Shoot me.
You can't do it.
I study guys like you
for a living.
I know more about you
than you know about yourself.
Well. you may not be afraid.
but they are.
You point that gun at them
and I will kill you.
and that is another promise.
My mother
used to dance with me.
You know who
Cyd Charisse was?
She kind of
looked like her.
Put the gun down
and get up.
When I shot her...
She looked at me
with such...
She was...
I think relieved.
I think I helped her escape.
Was that really true.
or did I just imagine it.
to make killing her
easier to live with?
Did I help her escape?
Did I...
Set her free?
Is that what you think you've
been doing all these years.
helping people?
Well. no. I suppose not.
Do you believe in heaven?
This is your last chance.
You think I might
see her there?
Maybe get
a second chance?
I'd really like that.
♪ And who by fire ♪
♪ who by water ♪
♪ who in sunshine ♪
♪ who in the nighttime... ♪
A family is a place
where minds
"come in contact
with one another.
"If these minds
love one another.
"the home will be as beautiful
as a flower garden.
"But if these minds get out
of harmony with one another.
it is like a storm that plays havoc
with the garden."
The Buddha.
♪ ...Is calling? ♪
♪ and who in her lonely slip ♪
♪ who by barbiturate ♪
♪ who by powder ♪
♪ who for his creed ♪
♪ who for his hunger ♪
♪ and who shall I say ♪
♪ is calling? ♪
♪ and who by brave assent ♪
♪ who by accident ♪
♪ who in solitude ♪
♪ who in this mirror ♪
♪ who by his lady's command ♪
♪ who by his own hand ♪
♪ who in mortal chains ♪
♪ who in power ♪
♪ and who ♪
♪ shall I say ♪
♪ is calling? ♪
-- Sync by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
www.tvsubtitles.net